docs(readme): Adding `@angular-builders/custom-webpack` example to README.md (#685)
nestjs/ng-universal: README.md

}
```

## Custom Webpack

> In some situations, it may be required to customize the `webpack` build while using `@nestjs/ng-universal`, especially when additional dependencies are include which include native NodeJS code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, it may be required to customize the `webpack` build while using `@nestjs/ng-universal`, especially when additional dependencies are included (that rely on native Node.js code).
```

### Example Custom Webpack
```typescript
// webpack.config.ts
import { Configuration, IgnorePlugin } from 'webpack'
import {
  CustomWebpackBrowserSchema,
  TargetOptions
} from '@angular-builders/custom-webpack'
import nodeExternals from 'webpack-node-externals'

export default (
  config: Configuration
  _options: CustomWebpackBrowserSchema,
  targetOptions: TargetOptions
) => {
  if (targetOptions.target === 'server') {
    config.resolve?.extensions?.push('.mjs', '.graphql', '.gql')

    config.module?.rules?.push({
      test: /\.mjs$/,
      include: /node_modules/,
      type: 'javascript/auto'
    });

    config.externalsPresets = { node: true }

    (config.externals as Array<any>).push(
      nodeExternals({ allowlist: [/^(?!(livereload|concurrently|fsevents)).*/]})
    );

    config.plugins?.push(
      new IgnorePlugin({
        checkResource: (resource: string) => {
          const lazyImports = [
            '@nestjs/microservices',
            '@nestjs/microservices/microservices-module',
            '@nestjs/websockets/socket-module',
            'cache-manager',
            'class-validator',
            'class-transform',

>             'apollo-server-fastify',
>             'bufferutil',
>             'utf-8-validate',
>             'graphql-ws',
>             'ws',
>             'ts-morph'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
